so now that I have these foot rests all
welded up and secured and I have this
great welder there for traction for your
feet I'm now going to take some steel
plate like this and weld it right about
there
so that when I put the sled on I can cut
a hole in the bottom and it'll slide
down there and then I'll drill two holes
right here and it'll secure it in place
and then I'll do some more bolts up
front here so I'll do that and then move
on from there
okay so now that I have these two pieces
welded on to be able to clamp the slide
in place I'm just gonna take two of
these quarter inch bolts and cut the
heads off right there and then I'm gonna
place them around there and weld them in
so that the threads are gonna be flush
the head won't be on there anymore and
then I'll drill a hole through the slide
and I'll be able to bolt it down so
after I do that I'm gonna drill the
holes in the sled and then we'll see how
it looks
and this is what it should look like
when you have it cut off so I clean up
the meadow with the grinder and then I
took a vise grip and supported the
bullet straight up I made sure it was
leveled and now I'm just going to do a
few tacks to hold it in place
and now I'll do the other side
well so far I I drilled the holes to the
sled and I've bolted it all together
there's two of the bolts and then I put
four bolts holding that those are
quarter inch bolts they're pretty
heavy-duty and that seems to be working
great so now it's just time to take the
tongue bolt that up and then I'm gonna
finish up all the welds and then spray
paint it black so let's do that and then
I'll show you how it works okay so now
I've got it all bolted up together and
it's ready for paint I've got the tongue
on here front I thought I'd just show it
to you I didn't show you me I didn't
show me building it because I thought
that if you're doing something like this
you could design it the way you want for
what you're pulling it with but for me I
just built a frame off the front of the
sled and then a hinge here with two
bolts that comes to the tongue over to
the front of the tongue and there's a
spring so that when you pull with the
four-wheeler or snowmobile it doesn't
jerk it very hard and also if you go
down a hillside way there's nothing it
can go around so that you don't tip the
sled over I thought that was a pretty
good design so if you guys want to do it
yourself and do your own design or you
could try this so I'm just gonna paint
it up now and then in my next video I'll
show you this in action so if you
haven't had a chance to subscribe yet
make sure to subscribe I'm gonna be
posting a lot of good videos I've also
got a Lincoln Electric Viking series
helmet that I'm gonna be doing a review
on got it for a really good deal so I
thought I'd just show you how it's
working for me and what I like about it
so thanks for watching bye